Hi, I'm Richie Benoit.
I'm Richard Kalehoff.
I'm Vienna Harvey.
I'm Bryan Okeke and I'm a curriculum manager and self-taught full-stack developer.
I manage our self-driving car here at Udacity.
I'm a content creator and software engineer.
Here at Udacity, I've been developing programs in data science.
Learning a new skill can be really exciting but can also be challenging,
especially in a self-paced online program.
We start by defining a learning path so that we know
what our goals are and that we're making progress towards them.
A goal can mean to finish a particular course
or complete a nanodegree program and get a new job.
Maybe you're just personally curious about
a topic and you want to broaden your knowledge base.
Whatever your goal is,
try to keep it in mind.
It shapes how you learn.
When it comes to goals,
one strategy is to set short-term goals and long-term goals.
If your goal is to complete a project or apply to a certain job,
then you should write an incremental plan to get there.
Knowing specific steps to take or milestones to
reach can help you stay on track and not feel overwhelmed.
Tick each step as you achieve it so you can
see yourself moving closer to your long-term goals.
Keeping yourself accountable to a goal is really important.
Seriously, so important.
Set calendar reminders for yourself to keep yourself
accountable and learn some small thing every day.
Try to add an additional layer of
accountability by telling a partner or a friend about it,
or even your co-worker or a boss,
someone who can check on your progress.
Enroll in a program with a buddy to help you stay committed to completing the program.
Study show it takes time to form a new habit.
So get into the habit of working on your program.
Once learning becomes a habit,
it won't take so much effort to sit down and work on your program.
When you feel like procrastinating,
remind yourself why you enrolled in the program in the first place.
To help motivate you.
Then reward yourself when you stick with the habit.
I like to get myself an ice cream cone.
Having a plan and checking off smaller items makes
the larger task of learning a whole new skill seem a bit more approachable.
You can even set a goal of finishing one exercise or part of the lesson in one sitting.
The Udacity classroom has projects and
suggested project deadlines that you can use as well.
While these projects have good milestones, more importantly,
they provide hands-on learning to actively practice the skills that you've learned.
Now, these projects are meant to be challenging.
I know it can be frustrating to get stuck in
the middle of a project that is really difficult.
But those times are often the ones where there's
more room for exploration and innovation.
Build on things incrementally.
Everyone struggles a bit when they learn something new.
Be patient with yourself.
For example, software programmers in the industry
have taken several years to become masters in their domain.
So remind yourself of your goal and remember,
every step is getting you closer to it. Let's summarize.
Set goals for yourself and hold yourself
accountable with a schedule or an accountability buddy.
Breakdown projects into small goals.
Work on incremental parts of the lesson.
Work through exercises to make the learning stick.
You've got this, so good luck.
Happy learning.